 according to the 1884 statistics in 1884, the number of british people who had to pay the property of the united kingdom was 8.32.
 the convention, which is incorporated into or converted into national legislation, makes the article be implemented, if promulgated and consistent with article 4.
 the economic performance of the economy during the 1 quarter of 1993 was weak in the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations received recommendation, and pointed out that the candidates should be included in the consultation exercise.
 the 1 step of the phase ii methodology calls for the setting up of grade levels as the basis for pay comparison.
 according to the progressive development of the chinese tourism market, a analysis of the price of the price of these zones may continue to rise.
 in fact, the current vacancy rate for the market stalls and street market stalls stands at the peak of 5 years.
 the situation in peace-keeping is the most difficult projection, since it is forecast that there is a major change in the existing assumptions in the year.
 it must be necessary to address the intentions of the country, not in the form of an instrument.
 a spokesman for israel said that it was long for the occupying forces to stay for long periods.
 some of us were of the opinion that this action would not be too late for the course of conducting an open and transparent consultation process.
 this is extremely useful for member states to understand the complexity of the problem dealt with by the courts.
 in january 1996, the family planning association of namibia has become major non-governmental organizations in the reproductive health area.
 states parties are in the best position to report on the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it exercises its powers of international law, therefore, legally and in fact, a subject of international law.
 although activities are still limited, future space activities are expected to expand.
 therefore, it is necessary to conduct an investigation and to try to do so.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who breach the law must be understood by the international community that the international community has been taking decisions and action.
 parents cannot make sure that the responsibility for the corrections is entirely pushed to schools and teachers.
 " i am now happy to see two systems of implementation of the implementation of the hong kong people.
 on my list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia, speaking on behalf of the group of 21, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the home ownership scheme must be avoided to compete with the private sector in order to maintain the difference between sales.
 we explore a thorough analysis of the united nations regulatory framework for the united nations to conduct a thorough analysis of the relevant states concerned.
 under the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term chief executive is elected by the election committee by the election committee.
 if a security device is used, a person must pay a minimum of appropriate attention to preventing the installation of the device.
 it also established the international e-commerce network in the country and was successfully carried out in october 1998 and successfully carried out the electronic tender in october 1998.
 the gdp growth rate of the gross domestic product in 1996.
 after the first visit to china, the woman and edinburgh will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile attaches the strongest possible protest to new nuclear installations by the government of the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 for the reasons set out in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military volunteers is not compensable.
 such a decision should be taken by the president of the general assembly with the president of the regional group.
 the problems of medium-and long-standing problems in both countries and the government of the republic of belarus are not incapable of expeditiously to the organization.
 head of the organization of the united nations panel on trade disputes between india and the united states, india and the united states.
 the warmth of the warmth of the grandchildrenian university, mr. su lai- sun, was a new school.
 however, the committee notes the absence of a state-of-the-art.
 article 54 of the constitution referred to the structure of the structure of the structure of the system, which will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury, a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) said that it was necessary to make use of internet registration.
 mr tsang also expressed gratitude to the marine department, mr tsang, to assist in the construction of the marine department's base brigade base.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, some of the solutions regarding the elements of these groups require some preconditions.
 in addition to lower tropical cyclone warning, the situation in hong kong will gradually restore normal.
 this is regrettable that the draft text prepared for the conference does not conform to the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities are really interested in resolving these problems.
 the official languages of the conference include english, russian, french, spanish,, and this year also included romanian language.
 in transactions with local transactions, the share of 16% and 10 per cent of local transactions with local financial institutions and local non-financial services are recorded.
 " in the long run, we are planning to construct more singleton hostels in a number of bedspace apartments.
 it is essential that we seek to achieve results, and this relationship to multilateral cooperation will be feasible in the future.
 the culprits were arrested and sentenced to theft.
 concern was also expressed about the donor fatigue burden of humanitarian relief in the region.
 the public prosecutor has filed a appeal on the appeal and therefore, the chamber has been released to france.
 the trend towards economic progress in the economies of these countries has adversely affected the economic progress and the maintenance of social stability.
 1 is one or seven days.
 our socialist countries have entered the world and exchange interactions with the countries of north-west and south east.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on the implementation of local, enterprise and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations plays a pivotal role to play a pivotal role to the development efforts of the ict.
 he said: " without a sword, we can't know the sword. "
 (15) international perspectives in words and thinking.
 it was 2 months since the terrorist attacks of 11 september.
 officials of china's ministry of agriculture said that measures for china's anti-inflictive bird flu have been very effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of united nations peacekeeping forces in the united nations peacekeeping force can be prevented from the risk of preventing the violent conflict.
 at this critical moment, it is important that the terror alliance must clearly recognize and accept the enemy.
 i very much hope that the administration can adopt a dialogue with different voices and voices.
 one speaker on behalf of the african group, on behalf of the african group, commended unifem for its efforts to reflect responses.
 the chinese government intends to launch a final plan for the establishment of 13 coal-free bases in the country next year.
 on the road to the keelung river across the keelung river, it is thus step up step by step towards the path of modern modernization.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card business in recognition of the credit card operations.
 in our country, the arabic is the 2 largest official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the head of state or government or government or by the state member concerned.
 the contents of the publications are rich in the context of a number of social and economic aspects of interest to the public.
 the overwhelming majority of member states have shown their tendency to increase the permanent and non-permanent membership of the council.
 customers may be sold in six months after the issue of the special stamps issued by the special stamps.
 mr wong is also the deputy secretary for science and manpower, mr lai lai, deputy secretary for education, and the education department.
 in 1971, the executive director of the hong kong-hong kong cultural foundation was founded in the community.
 it is not easy for the identification of voters and electoral activities to determine the implications of the tribunal's activities.
 the south pacific states have announced that france intends to resume its nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the graduation age is 15 years old.
 the service fee is $ 20 per annum. "
 in the case of bulldozers, bulldozers pushed down their homes, in many cases even there.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials and the public and the public.
 as a matter of fact, i went to belgium to contact the relevant individuals of the european parliament.
 at present, rapid changes have taken place in respect of national sovereignty, national peoples, national security, and the maintenance of the concept of peace and implementation.
 such an energies are conducive to the identification of genuine responsibility in the context of damage to space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the chairman of the joint chairman, sharm elshad (pakistan).
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the process of nation-building, consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civilized society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work for a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of the institution.
 israeli troops were destroyed and the israeli army was destroyed.
 the words are more tightening, and suffice, and even more even greater.
 this continued, not only the people of the common people have also attracted the high priority of the government and expert scholars.
 if he did not talk about a standstill, it would be necessary to get a bit of mind.
 we can never be blamed on the advice of those scholars who have a professional understanding of the scholars.
 as the saying goes, the saying goes. "
 it is expected that the majority of the national parties will speed up the de-mining of the new millennium democratic party.
 during the days the day after the tien palace museum, the appliances, a brilliant, one of the most brillians, one of the two.
 the mainland's opening up to taiwan's tourism industry is optimistic.
 the most common aspect of the existence of functional jurisdiction is the exclusive economic zone of navigation and through the adjacent zone.
 the spokesman reminded the public to be advocating such frauds as soon as possible.
 margaret chan, on november 9, officially elected the director-general of health organization, who became the first chinese in the first place in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of international conventions, in accordance with international conventions, the law on extradition is regulated by international courtes.
 the universal declaration of human rights, adopted by the general assembly of the united nations, was informed by the universal declaration of human rights, on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the extensive human rights guarantee of the constitution of slovenia, in particular the protection of women's human rights.
 er, it was said that there was no way in which the entire world was sitting.
 the principle of non-discrimination has therefore become a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a history of history reaching peaks, and the process is beginning to start over the past two years.
 since the government's government gazette, the number of web pages from the printing department in april increased significantly to 60000 in november.
 no such occurrence occurred in the former case or in the present case.
 it may be possible to handle the problems in the near future.
 the results of the work of the work of the committee depends on the competence and the manner in which its member states are.
 the letter of authorisation for registration must be endorsed by the original school.
 the current contract has been signed, the working group and the delivery of the travel service will review the quality of services in september 2002.
 however, as you all know, we 've sought to pursue " quality " does not mean that " quantity " is not important.
 it was widely felt by the national throughout the country that the international community had no moves to termination of the conflict.
 one of the demands of the user is to assess the damage caused by floods on crop and infrastructure.
 the government's 1 step is therefore to push ahead of the two exchanges and clearing houses of hong kong.
 regarding the mano river union, the regional office must assist in the confidence-building measures determined by the executive director in september and october.
 perpetrators of pre-classifications and killings of killing, explosions and crimes such as killings are the lowest and maximum limits.
 initial investigations revealed that the bullets were fired by a real gun.
 in the waiting time for analysts to analyse the waiting time for residential care homes, the number of applicants can be divided into three groups.
 this is one of the major causes for the spread of aids.
 automotization of human life is the product of modern-technic systems.
 this is likely to ensure harmony and harmony in harmony and jointly promotes the development of different national and cultural development.
 as far as food price is concerned, i do not know what china's weather changes.
 this will not only enhance the ability of local production to produce movies, but can also help to provide a service centre for the asian region. "
 i think everyone is understandable that our real qingqing-loving sentiment lies in the membership of all members of the union.
 in the case of good health-care persons, symptoms are mainly due to the negals of the symptoms.
 the coordination of issues related to the relevant united nations agencies is also appropriate.
 because of the many diverse products in the market, parents can make a better choice.
 if the two-way figures are re-entry, they are certainly very serious.
 for those vietnamese and lao, they would continue to return to their quest for voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that a new system has been working well in 1999, and there is much improved in the past.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing is crucial in the wake of the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have freedom of travel and freedom of movement.
 they also believe that this might form a precedent in which all types of vessels are required to issue prior notice.
 right.
 since the government has already been aware of the question, it also heard a legal opinion, but the government will never tell us.
 at the end of august 1997, 34 chinese state-owned enterprises were listed in hong kong.
 to date, the air and land-based assets of monuc have generated more than 30 tons of aid objects to goma.
 the board expressed appreciation for the challenges of globalization and new technologies to the 21 century in the enforcement of drugs law.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women reflected above disparities in working life.
 on the other hand, it was impossible to engage in trade in egypt before the opening of the border in 1994.
 madam president, processions and assemblies were not the rights of a single person.
 the delay in which the delay has been affected.
 146. recently, the private sector and foundations are marked by a marked increase in the interest of the united nations in the global level.
 there are no other rooms <unk>
 i am extremely excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of which are to be naturalized israelis.
 because of the constraint of time, i have not been able to do so.
 it is a matter of concern that recent developments in recent political developments do not seem to help hong kong's early settlement of the problem.
 a model of the model part includes the development of a model of the three-dimensional models of the persian school of the gulf.
 9 points of this growth were changes in currency exchange rates.
 typical of illicit arms transactions are being carried out in place where the weapons import and export of weapons far removed.
 switzerland does not tolerate the financial system of the swiss financial system in the future and to do so.
 most of the jobs are available for applicants who hold diploma or degree of degree, monthly salary ranged from $ 8000 to $ 10000.
 table shows the gross value of the projects completed in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the details of the commissions functions, please be found in the annex to the commission of finance and capital markets.
 it is hoped that the national television station in the near future is in the near future.
 civil society in the commonwealth is the official support of the official activities of the commonwealth.
 the chinese delegation believes that the current international nuclear disarmament efforts are now on the verge of a crossroads and prospects.
 the honourable leong che-hung has more time and so i have written it, so i support it.
 the observer, the african and inter-american association of cultures, argued that the non-descendant population should be recognized as a minority.
 " we are planning to conduct surveys each year in the next three years to grasp the performance of university graduates.
 we did not know that the chinese versions of the chinese government would be an excuse for the mainland by the mainland.
 the 5 plenary meeting of the college of commissioners was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law drew the criteria for the conduct of the conduct of such parties, namely, the relying party and the certification service providers.
 it is therefore, therefore, expected that the rate of capacities for the implementation of national programmes is low.
 the committee will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " hong kong warmly supports the accession of the mainland to join the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, the sub-saharan africa of the sub-saharan africa has only a telephone telephone of 5300 in africa.
 the press must be respected by the press.
 the israeli authorities have also shut down the rafah crossing between the gaza strip and egypt, which had been closed for several days.
 as the discharge of the discharge was accelerated, the cost of transport costs decreased, and all departments were therefore benefiting.
 like chao meng-ye's " maid ".
 36. the 2 one is the availability of knowledge, technical skills and ability to develop talents.
 what i want to do, such as listening to television, television, singing, singing and piano and piano, etc.
 when you talk about taiwan's growth, it is indeed very difficult to read the impact on them.
 as a result, the cost of freight costs can be taken at higher value.
 the secretary for housing also invites me to talk about the fact that i had no relations with the redevelopment area.
 it was entrusted with an independent expert group to provide an independent expert to encourage consultants to work in an open and transparent manner.
 i have no wish to see, but i have often heard this report.
 (a) the interest of the companies that are interested in the development of the cyberport is to apply the standard application of the standard application.
 for movies, hou hsiao-hsien's " hou hsiao-hsien " is hou hsiao-hsien's " romance and bamboo ". "
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health, the director of health, said that it could be achieved after four years later.
 it's hard.
 in the central institution of the department, women account for more than 50 per cent of the current staff, of which 1<unk>3 of them manage.
 the court considered that the purchase price of the buyer did not perform its duty.
 the independent human rights association of the region shall have a channel of contacts with the league of arab states.
 a record of 159 member states will create a record at the 50 session of the draft resolution: this will represent the real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently undertaken a report on the development of the hong kong's status as the financial centre of hong kong.
 the meeting held that the mandate of the elections was the prerogative of the general assembly, not the prerogative of the security council.
 visitors will also make a look at this way in a modern civilization in the modern civilization.
 ladies and gentlemen, we have set the goal of developing hong kong as a world city in asia.
 at the dinner, the director of social welfare, mrs carrie lam, and the management committee of the fund management committee to the elderly was also distributed to the elderly.
 mrs selina chow proposed enhancing the use of a " juvenile police call ".
 overseas markets find a breakthrough.
 as regards the amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan, i wish to point out that his argument is actually related.
 in shanghai, shanghai <unk> hangang international trade and export company, c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c..
 the hong kong shipping industry is determined to take advantage of the cost-effective decisions of the proprietor of the shipper.
 the consolidation of the peace-keeping consolidation of the people of sierra leone and the people of sierra leone after the civil war is a priority.
 it was said that history was exactly what happened.
 the national development framework of the transitional government showed the role of the country in economic and social activities.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider expanding the terms of reference of the employment bureau, in order to include all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is a driving force for the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, without which international support will be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners still needs to do much work, reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica indicated that the delegation had been a very active member of the commission.
 israel has been proud of the age-old traditions of shared and identity throughout the world as a whole.
 the director of education, mr choi yuen, will be the director of information services on january 7, 2002.
 the dancers joined the gods of flowers, and then turned to the audience.
 the situation in the united nations social sphere is most worrying.
 so he again sent an emergency to the hospital, but the child has already been infected with a child.
 questionnaires had been sent to all programme and donor governments, national groups and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the beautiful beauty of the splendor, the team brought a big mirror on the spot.
 the aim is to bring pressure on 3-party pressure, peace-building, so that there is no wage against them.
 a no. 3 alarm fire broke out in tai po in tai po at tai po.
 we are planning to introduce the bill into the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the people of the people of kosovo should not allow them to delay their potential.
 we must bear in mind that all these are public funds and are not wasteful.
 in contrast, the university degree in local universities will increase in the coming year.
 i have recently visited the residents of the residents in various districts.
 copies of these written statements shall be sent promptly to the prosecutor or the person to be sent to these written statements.
 soong chu-yu indicated that james soong arrived at the 1 stop in xi'an, china will meet beijing and hu jintao in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee also noted the additional information during the consideration of the report and the mission provided.
 on the 22, a major train explosion accident occurred on the 22, north atlantic road, north atlantic road station.
 the activities of the activities of the activities also include information on the participation of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 i do not agree with the use of the tactics and speech of the people of hong kong.
 however, international trafficking is also involved in other areas, including the clothing industry, agriculture and construction.
 i am not believers, but i often hear religions raising the boi spirit.
 therefore, before the sar government was established, it was feared that only the chinese government would be eligible to represent the hksar government.
 we need careful assessing the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiuzhenhai, for your comments.
 indeed, we have already set out some of the provisions for mine-clearing activities in particular.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent per year.
 the reduced number of unemployed persons was reduced to 19.30000, as well as for the first time in four years to 200000.
 the u.s. and export bank provided financial assistance to us$ 17800000000 in the us markets in 2004.
 two informal ministerial meetings will be held on wednesday, 5 june and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility to adopt legal action on the issue of pollution of the old premises.
 the office was proposed for the establishment of 36 posts, while 18 posts were paid by the support account, while 18 posts were charged to the regular budget.
 in taiwan, he introduced the 3 route, which was the main reference for chen shui-bian's " the new middle route ".
 right, as a double-edged sword, we have zhang chart, uh.
 in addition, the transport department (td) has deployed a daily raid on the spots on the spot to inspect the landings and take up eight to 12.
 freedom of political and religious freedom is not only in the constitution but also in the constitution.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members to the situation of external debt in the central african republic.
 if they wish to get close to the site, the meeting began at 009:30 a site, which is at 2105 rooms of the united states congress.
 the records shall be held on board 3 years after the finalization of the records.
 a bit more than 2000000000 people.
 a large mass of the bangkok world, which is at bangkok, is presumed to prepare for the year ahead.
 we fully support the similar statement already made by the secretary-general and other representatives of the united nations.
 during the period, taxis at the urban area on and hing road near ming road near ming yin road will be closed.
 the transfer of united nations transfers is a transparent measure in the legitimate arms transfer of sovereign states between sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers continue to streamline manpower by the slow-down in economic growth and uncertainty.
 " it requires the consensus of the community. "
 such punishment applies only to citizens of the czech republic and has not received the status of refugee status.
 whenever i went to the child, i am very seriously confused that i am very serious and very serious.
 the commission on human rights in africa and the peoples rights committee of the peoples have also participated in international seminars.
 the impact of gender disparities and inequality impacts on how to influence the risk build-up process.
 according to the conservative estimate of the biennology centre and the protection of the environment, these technological potentials can reach billions of dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members to the labour advisory board (lab) for a term of two years starting from next january.
 the 3 group is particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " the east asian region has always been accelerating the financial surplus of the east asian region and should be efficient and efficient.
 the swd has contacted chen yu-ling's family, with psychological counselling.
 it is up to 80 per cent of residential costs.
 these developments have further contributed to the strategic changes in the post-cold-war era.
 there are some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor camps.
 the resources of these people have already been exhausted, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops were not invited to be withdrawn from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to improving the recruitment, salary salaries, training and management of police, also applied to guards in the prison.
 " the inspection also reveals that the carrying capacity is sufficient to cope with traffic, utility facilities and other loadings.
 now, after nearly 30 years, the notion of a common heritage has been incorporated or was reflected in some international conventions.
 the ministry of buildings has separated from the chamber of settlements and the floor.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters will be deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 i wish hong kong a place in hong kong, with rain breeding, air quality, prosperity and prosperity and prosperity and prosperity.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong have been the main driving force of the economic and social development.
 we therefore highlight the obligation of nuclear powers to be concluded by the nuclear powers in 1996.
 by contrast, the largest internet service in the united states has only maintained a ratio of 20 users.
 with the reform and opening-up of the reform, national small and medium enterprises throughout the country have contributed substantially to a strategy to achieve a well-off, social stability.
 in my country, because of the warming of the weather he warmly, it will soon be able to get a long period of five or 60 cents.
 i hope that, in the course of the meeting today, the secretary-general can enjoy the appearance of the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision in order to allow the guardianship to give up the guardianship of the guardian.
 for example, the measures agreed to include the implementation of a uniform travel document in the countries of the region.
 to say, it is difficult to say a genuine friend.
 mr howard young: mr president, workers unemployment, employment and transfer of jobs have already been plaguing for some time in hong kong.
 " even if you are to enter the taiwan stage, they should not give up the performance ". "
 otherwise, it would lose the practical role of the majority of the draft articles.
 as a result, the rate of inflation experienced a drastic increase in the rate of inflation.
 this is no longer going to allow the graduates of the mainland china and taiwan veterinary college graduates to use drugs and antibiotics.
 the greek cypriot population is 66 years old.
 the same predictions have been raised by high-colonial experts last week.
 this project has also allowed more public knowledge of cultural diversity and the desirability of cultural diversity and the preservation of such diversity.
 in view of the large number of applicants, the government is considering whether there is a need to increase the loan quota.
 the aforementioned assets were carried out in accordance with the criminal procedure act, under the criminal procedure act, and chaired by the judges.
 judging from this, it can be the only way to get back to the back of the students.
 the provision of basic medical supplies at unrwa's health-care facilities at unrwa was provided to the provision of basic medical supplies.
 the land reform scheme is not only redistribution of land.
 in this theme, the conference tried to remind people that every 20 minutes had been killed or maimed as a result of anti-personnel landmines.
 when they went to the adjacent islands, there were some handicraft items that could be purchased.
 motorists are advised to follow the traffic directions and follow the direction at the scene.
 that was a surprise to the conclusion that the legal counsel had previously been retrained because of the unfair conduct of the payments made to defence counsel.
 with the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of expanding material or personal coverage of the existing social security system.
 amputation of their lives for lifetime, which affects their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and several developing countries were also lowered.
 after implementation of the scheme, quite a number of colleagues expect a journey towards life-long journey for life-long learning.
 he was said to be subsequently concealed by the ministry of the interior, after his father submitted written allegations.
 a 40-year-old man was arrested in the vicinity.
 in fact, the only place in low-skilled employment opportunities is the lower service sector.
 this project shows that small corporate funding schemes are based on policy experience which focuses on policy experience and performance in the past.
 mrs miriam lau said that it was a " charter for youth ".
 the three men were arrested for conspiracy to deceive the money.
 they should be opened by a step-by-step approach in terms of monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 at the level of international law and international law, it is impossible for us to support the war against iraq.
 the concept of real development should encompass full respect for all universal universally accepted human rights.
 state practice has shown that the duration of the duration of the duration of the right of the persons concerned is largely large.
 the islamic state of afghanistan looked forward to the security council for its consideration of the previous agenda.
 states have achieved a large number of curtailments living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis has caused retrogression.
 as a result, countries of financial resources are not available.
 recognition of the role played by neighbouring countries in a security and economic sphere.
 the security council expresses its concern at the deterioration in the situation in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to that end, it should be committed to achieving the goal of mutual harmony with each other.
 <unk>we have found that, development, manufacture and marketings, and in many world famous consumer products.
 since then, the veterinary officers arrived at the scene and confirmed that all chickens were not infected with the symptoms of bird flu.
 the secretariat has analysed a number of mission's survey data and has verified self-sustained maintenance rates.
 if the flood problems of the northwest new territories are thoroughly resolved, we must implement the shenzhen river.
 both the and ethical norms of capitalism, which are often leading to drug trafficking, have organized crime and corruption.
 the 1 worker of the royal crown, mr. chen chao-ch'uen's " job " was the first time for the first time.
 the one-way carriageway of xiamen's kinmen can be reduced to 40 minutes.
 the report described the deterioration in the economic deterioration of the occupied palestinian territories.
 <unk> do not bring a large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 persons were shot dead and 38 individuals were burned alive.
 the working group, together with the international human rights service and international human rights service, had dealt with these issues in 1997.
 28 police officers from the immigration department raided 7 targets in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 it is, therefore, that the contracting authority would prefer to consider the control of the need for a number of measures.
 the economic growth of developed and developing countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, are particularly significant in developing countries with economies in transition.
 according to the same sources, more than 800 were alleged to be killed by the cpn (maoist) in the war with the police.
 under article 22 of the same law, " any person guilty of terrorist activity " is liable to legal responsibility under the existing legislation.
 mr president, after next year's garbage landfill next year, the problem will be solved successfully.
 over 200 million children were killed in armed conflict during the 1990s, and more than 6 million have left permanent disability or injury.
 this is also a great help to development eco-tourism. "
 essentially, this is a concrete commitment to the government in the area of development.
 if the residential care institutions have not been able to make improvements or effect, the department will issue a warning letter to the department.
 the spread of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 we have once again gained international reputation as one of the most free and competitive economies in the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) approved the construction of a contract value of $ 680000000 for the construction of the construction contract.
 i have to check the laws of hong kong, and it is mentioned that there are 382 in the basic law.
 third, pragmatic cooperation in the field of non-traditional security is carried out.
 from june to july this year, the unemployment and underemployment rate of most of the major industries have remained stable.
 this is not easy. but if we have a quota system, they can absorb more people with disabilities.
 in addition, australia is actively participating in the negotiation of the international convention on the suppression of the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the factories and industrial undertakings (legcos) regulation, will effectively implement the awareness programme.
 the letter did not seek to improve the trust of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contains the right framework for the future in east timor in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the number and relatively number of poor people are rising.
 we look forward to working with the industry in this regard, " the spokesman added.
 the state party submits that the same reasoning should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the root cause of the darfur conflict was a cross-cutting dispute caused by a number of clan farming in the area.
 a land area has been reserved for the development of community facilities such as fire services department and space facilities in the future.
 otherwise, the international community had no choice but to escape from liberia.
 the details of the study, which have been published in the details, are also available to provide further studies on the language proficiency.
 chen sits on the pulse of chilled winds and from time to time, and to find a distributing torture.
 as a matter of fact, the recommendations of the garrison law in the case of the garrison law are similar to the current practice of the british military jurisdiction.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of setting up a resource centre for the judiciary was not encouraging the adversaries to resist their own.
 the chairman of the joint meeting took the opportunity to comment on the very useful and follow-up action on the various recommendations.
 in addition, we will prepare for the review of the district boards for 2003 after the 2003 elections.
 at the entrance of the secretariat entrance located on 1 avenue, only vehicles imported from the permanent representative were restricted to the vehicle.
 in the face of relocating village pressure, 2020000 trees have been used for the betel nut, and 2020 000 trees.
 the land reform institute of the salvadoran land reform institute was established as a mechanism for a land transfer plan, which it was the result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee does not object to these posts.
 anyone who has information on the girl or her girl was urged to contact mong kok police station at 2398 6399.
 in 1997, the institute had identified a formal presentation body in order to implement improved quality and enhancing productivity programmes.
 this morning, we do not think so much time, and i would like to focus on two of the two issues.
 to this end, the importance of education to education is the necessary means and means of promoting social development for the vast developing countries.
 the ruf is not the military, and it is certainly not the conduct of the fact that the army treasoned.
 the field asset control system was designed to cover a number of audits designed for the assets of the united nations asset.
 but it's impossible.
 for security reasons, they are not in a position to protect the environment, without a loss of uncertainty, without a flammless, non-meditable, non-mitable, non-meditable, non-meditable, non-meditable, non-meditable, non-
 the crime of treason is already in the common law system during the 14 century.
 worse, worse, the threat of the destruction of nuclear weapons appears to take place in many people's minds.
 the village has all taken away.
 armed conflict in darfur region began in february of last year.
 the rights of serious discrimination are part of the international protection of human rights, in particular in respect of the system of pluralism.
 the procedure for the procedure is confidential, and in accordance with relevant rules, any documents or address shall be denied.
 but with the gradual recovery of the economy, we believe that hong kong will pick up in future.
 the choice of the choice is whether or not the contract contract is contracted.
 efforts will continue to be made.
 they are inclined to descripted.
 at that time, governor patten is busy with the preparation of the conservative party general elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for friday, november 16, 2001.
 however, it may be disappointed that so far only one accused has been sent to the courts for trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the security council must coordinate with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially children, has always saddened, and saddened to go beyond the national and religious boundaries.
 the materials seized during the operation consisted of $ 50000.
 in recent years, there have been changes in the world economy.
 these guidelines have been uploaded in the buildings department and has already distributed all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 it was considered that the scientific doctrine of technology could be used as a science and technology.
 its progress was being hampered by the fact that member states had strengthened their progress in accordance with the operational plan.
 at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb exploded in the vicinity of the mahaniyah market in the city of mahaniy.
 security guards at the session, as well as the personal palace, will receive special permits for the safety and security of the united nations.
 the information obtained from the latest map and the availability of new access has been prompted expeditiously to rescue agencies.
 the scheme is 15000000 citizens serving the students, including students, men, women and children, no discrimination.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping forces and other united nations bodies engaged in demining activities in its mission.
 the royal government of cambodia has provided legal protection to hiv <unk> aids, and protect the human rights of those persons.
 again, it should also go to the housing department to check with the housing department for some time to inspect.
 drop-out rates in secondary schools are still higher than boys, in secondary schools and universities.
 there are both bians and the bian 2 factions, both bian and the bian 2 factions, both bian and the bian 2 factions.
 there was no difficulties in establishing and access to such private schools.
 i would have imagined that she had decided to change her decision.
 we will receive a warning letter from the transport department.
 what's always the case in the united states in the united states.
 chairman, environmental capital co-operation agencies<unk> the president of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in investment, it is not soant to switch to business.
 consideration should also be given to the spread of international regimes over the past decade, in particular, globalization and new technologies.
 something cannot be said.
 a proposal has been proposed to eliminate the cuban aids quota in the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to recruit suitable candidates.
 the 3 other children have been released, but the next day must also go to the gendarmerie.
 bowei wen-wei on the modernization of the hong kong special administrative trade rights legislation.
 the more will, of course, vote in the 1 leg of the legislative council.
 a far-kilometre-ball missile approximately 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles is available for approximately 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough to get a break, i believe there will be a few days.
 it is a clear example of administration.
 the armed attacks in december 1963 were a ethnic cleansing movement against the turkish cypriot people.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that other models should also include model numbers.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities to understand the details of the case before the court hearings. "
 the chinese delegation expressed appreciation to the delegations that had contributed positively to the work of the committee.
 no one has been sent to him.
 referring to a proposal to eliminate the unstable situation of marriages, she wondered whether they had the root causes of the causes of the family division.
 the fact is that the environment is worse than one of the past than one year ago.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of the members of the commission for innovation and technology, as well as the special adviser.
 he will carry out major change in the securities and futures markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 the importance of improving and accessible information has therefore been encouraging non-governmental organizations and other important groups to participate in all levels of activities.
 the delegation said that the majority had been caused by external forces, without the control of groups and individuals.
 " it's the remarkable dedication and continuous efforts of his colleagues in the past and presently. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held next month.
 in order to improve the living standards of children and improve services, parents have to pay certain costs on household income.
 however, further efforts need to be made so as to broaden the outcome of the campaign, which will attract attention to the authorities concerned.
 the persons who are not allowed to support these criminal activities are safe and supported by other forms of support.
 in sha tin in july this year, yu liang taxi was sha tin, sha tin, and saw a security guard to pursue two burglary suspects.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must take responsibility for their actions.
 under the traditional business environment, marketing agents can only take care of him.
 article 54 of the constitution stipulates that expatriate persons within the republic shall be protected in accordance with the law.
 for a three-year period of time, member states of the european union were in line with the directives of the law and on 6 june 2000.
 the pfp had been outraged in a press conference and to criticize the kmt in a press conference.
 it reaffirmed the importance of the treaty on limiting the importance of the anti-ballistic missile system.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region remains dominated by the continued weakerness of japan.
 it's not impractical.
 a lot of wooden plates will be put in place.
 the taiwan province of taiwan's water production test has been more than six years.
 the security council is being eliminated by the international community, despite its condemnation of the numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-religious society.
 the hkma will implement the regulatory framework in accordance with the regulation and standards of the sfc.
 the " star dust will return to the cap dust " for the first time.
 we would like to see that the university of peace has a real universal character and a truly global mission.
 population estimates are important parameters for prediction and projections, with the same assistance in the planning and research of private and commercial organizations.
 many friends were invited to participate in the chinese new year reception.
 the united states government recognizes the grant of diplomatic immunity from the cuban diplomatic bank accounts.
 2, the adjudication fee is to be paid in respect of an instrument which falls into the category of adjudication.
 during the competition, the students have had to cope with accidents, such as power failures, an interruption, the disruption of equipment and passwords.
 we are now considering the views expressed by the trade and the implementation of proposals.
 the board also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill does not mention any particular reference to the use of entrepreneurial corporate concealment of a concentration of loans and a company.
 it's a stranger to the name of the names of the chinese.
 health education was carried out by the department of health and disinfection was carried out by the department of health.
 let me now turn to the question of post-conflict peace-building in the light of the current situation in our country.
 it was also suggested by the high commissioner that the high commissioner had taken the initiative to ask the special rapporteur for the implementation of the recommendations made by the special rapporteur.
 in contravention of the necessary action, we reject our rejection in a single aspect.
 we are following the process of follow-up to the question of the palestinian question on the question of palestine.
 this is being done if members of the council agreed.
 these include threats to the concept of sovereignty, including the concept of damaging the concept of sovereignty.
 the maintenance of global security and peace cannot be pursued by the international community.
 a state of emergency in lima, lima, was renewed on 15 december.
 following a few days after the occupation of mazar-e-sharif, the authorities began the transfer of prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missile makes them very timely, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and reprisals.
 it is the government's policy to adopt, as far as possible, software products as far as possible.
 besides, 106 private child care centres have also maintained the current fees and charges at present.
 after that incident, military operations have taken military action, but there has been no major change in the front line.
 the general assembly also designed a wide range of novel games.
 but for some immediate danger, the relevant departments will take immediate action.
 the commission's commission could take new images with a new picture with those in the commissions database (approximately 15000).
 the estimate of a 10 per cent vacancy rate consisting of a 10 per cent vacancy rate.
 the use of coal conversion to natural gas will also reduce emissions of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen, and co2 emissions.
 the works will commence early next year and is expected to be completed by early 2001.
 in manufacturing, the large institutional unit refers to the establishment of 100 or more persons in the respective employment sectors related to 50 or more persons.
 in accordance with chapter 23 chapter of the swedish penal code, the penalty for the purpose of preparation or a complicity below applies to the maximum limits applicable to the completion of the crime.
 the general assembly had recently adopted resolution 56<unk>82, from the list of non-self-governing territories to east timor.
 mr. wang (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the universal king of morocco, king has kingsan ii, passed away on 23 july.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwanda operation of the operation of the rwanda operation.
 of these 63, 63 are implemented by non-governmental organizations, and the remaining 19 are the swd.
 lastly, i would like to refer two spanish concerns.
 if we do not have the cartage, it will certainly come out.
 2, small-and medium-sized enterprises (smes) apply to the capacity of the application of information technology.
 8 days later, the meina and wenna are two separate occasions.
 during the easter, more than 2000 shipments will be displayed at the hong kong park.
 the investigation will provide an update on the territory's standard of living, in particular the degree of poverty.
 one of the hotspots of the attention of the family is the new fortune games for this year.
 in 1993, hong kong's abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is in keeping with the general trend of respect for human rights in the world.
 it is also understood that there is a lot of magicities to divert, dysy and other disorders.
 15 catholic priests and the head of the humanitarian organization of the humanitarian organization, as well as his numerous staff, are said to have been executed in dili.
 he noted in particular that the legislation was amended in 1999 to give more investigative powers and independence in the competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china, japan and south korea was held in beijing.
 he will deliver a keynote speech at a luncheon meeting jointly organised by the employer and employer of france.
 if we take into account the interests of each other, the international community can co-operate together.
 the ministry of finance was submitted to the reply on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's primary goal is to stabilize the property market.
 if mr lau ping-cheung seemed to say that it would be a notification in this speech.
 the sponsor delegation said that the legal basis in the proposal could be found in article 10 to 22 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, the possession of those who possess the stockpile of stockpiles must begin to gather data on their storage and production records.
 it should be recalled that the data contained in these tables were obtained from various relevant governments.
 i remember that some people are using a lot of as " interests ".
 i believe many people do not agree with this view.
 in accordance with the contract, the relevant traffic <unk> transport issues must be agreed upon with the regional forests.
 the angolan armed forces also took over the southern part of the province of doova and continued in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide to extend the scheme, we intend to extend our intention to provide assistance to the industries affected by the labour shortage.
 they have adopted a series of floating trains in germany, with a quick speed of speeding up at $ 8000000000.
 the court had received a embroidery screen from the government of the people's republic of china in 2001.
 this sub-office will continue to be held in the division and will require consideration and approval.
 police will implement special arrangements on hong kong island in order to hold a public interest.
 the private universities also provide relief for relief from the economic situation.
 improving our relationship with egypt, as well as the resumption of multilateral negotiations, is indispensable to further achieving the common goal of all our region.
 his country was extremely strong, and he was fully satisfied with him.
 in the case, the number of police officers will be interviewed by the perpetrators.
 results showed that those who were not treated with medicines were received by a german company.
 it welcomes ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon state ratified the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt).
 israel has also continued to open the tunnel under the al-aqsa mosque in al-qaqsa mosque.
 in fact, following this year's spring festival this year, the travel industry council has not received any complaints from visitors to shop for shopping.
 " i am sure you will become an important asset of the two places. "
 he added.
 the ministry of defence carried out depreciation adjustments in order to reflect the latter.
 therefore, if members of the public are concerned about the rights of the demonstration, it can be said that we should not lose sight of this.
 the private car immediately removed the scene along sha kok street towards tai chung street.
 although the evidence is well documented, today they are still in the defence of their own.
 governments have adopted various approaches to controlling these monopolies.
 it must be noted, however, that the performance of their respective institutions is not fair and unfair. "
 i am sure that not only an impact on the future will be affected today.
 the political negligence of the environment, and even the words " all ", have been referred to in development assistance.
 the immunized system is like the military, like the army, to resist the disease.
 the indifference and indifference of citizens and voters is very high.
 this resulted in a decline in the gaza strip in the gaza strip and caused salt to the east by sea.
 i think this week we have in a very important sense of our resolve to express our resolve to our common defeat.
 i also express my gratitude and appreciation to the secretary-general for their gratitude and appreciation to the secretary-general for his consideration of the report.
 we have to perform this international responsibility. "
 argentina, for decades of political instability, had passed through a period of decades of political instability.
 the western gate gates will only bring her into the legends of history.
 as far as you know, there is an important dearth of what you know.
 it is a matter of fact that it is an important part of the involvement of the united nations in the work of the ocean.
 in history, no other children have died after death.
 the " peaceful flaws " on the whole of our entire continent, as well as the whole of the people's minds, have brought about bright minds.
 as the chairman of the newly established advisory committee, i shall be able to make sure that we can make it possible to set up a good foundation for the ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, the sanctions are likely to become a non-received of impunity, and it is against the aspirations of the entire international community.
 seizures in recent years have been low in recent years, and seizures of 913 kg of cocaine were reported in 2000.
 pakistan supported the mexican proposal that the relevant united nations bodies should seriously consider the request of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (has) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 after then, he was taken away by a police van, where he was taken away by a police vehicle, and he was pushed away from the vehicle.
 as to the environment, the international efforts of nature should be launched in a more effective and more substantive manner.
 the secretary-general has already forwarded the direction of the united nations.
 there is also a need to define more clearly the user-friendly user and evaluating results.
 mr chan kam-lam said that his speech is more short, but my statement may remain short.
 lithuania also attached great importance to the role of other international forums dealing with the question of terrorism.
 the 11 circuit trial district court of appeal in the united states of america was overthrown by the court of appeal of the court of appeal.
 in this connection, 370000 displaced persons and displaced persons in the northern part of katanga province have received no assistance in the area of katanga province.
 as a result of the war and air strikes in kabul, some international groups had had to leave the city.
 in the light of the economic situation, we also urge the government to consider reducing the viability of pre-employment training courses. "
 at best, i can only say that the government can do so.
 the current operating budget for the current operating budget is: unhcr receives less than $ 40 per year.
 alternatively, a 10-month payment payment should be established at 31 december in order to bridge the floating exchange rate.
 the presidents are unanimous.
 the ministerial conference of the world trade organization will convene and can be a forum that is appropriate.
 on the 1 of the 1 issue, the scolar recommended that the language of students, university graduates and professional groups should be attained.
 it is unwise, therefore, not wise to reject a more rich and more productive language.
 regular receiver and <unk> 7 <unk> <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 any person affected by the amendments may submit a written objection to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24 or before.
 as regards the details of these two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance is basically in favour.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports rose to rise and climb up to 2<unk>3 and the number of two-digit growth rates in ecuador.
 the latest example is the existence of an integral part of the physical integrity of country parks at sha lo tung.
 the contents of the projects envisaged are contained in article 11 of the model procurement law.
 a keynote address will be made by the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors.
 the 12 teenagers arrested on june 15 have been released on bail pending further enquiries.
 this issue is frequently informed at all possible levels of the ministry of foreign affairs, but there is no progress at this stage.
 the regional security system has expanded its capacity to gather information on anti-terrorism activities in the caribbean region.
 she would also like to know how to choose from non-governmental organizations, the information and the use of such information.
 in order to protect the interests of consumers, i am speaking on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the director-general's policy to encourage the strengthening of local representation, but the host country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 this, however, has been oil in 15 different countries.
 in accordance with the signing of international treaties, it is legal assistance in accordance with the procedure provided for under the treaty.
 these realities must be addressed.
 if the list of states should be punished, the victims of direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, the decline was seen in the construction industry, with the transport and transport industry.
 owing to the budgetary constraints of the budget, a number of restrictions were imposed on the cost and expenditure of solicitors.
 this is an exception to the need for a period of time, which must not be detained for a long time.
 however, during the weekend, we packed around the weekend.
 the other thing does not take place in the bank, which is the government instructed banks to handle their operations.
 programmes can be made at no. 246 390.
 as a result, the taiwan strait can take study.
 the georgian criminal code, section 90 to 2001, is detailed in detail the procedure of the assets (i accounts).
 " apart from the case, we are also considering the need to expand and traffic.
 since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most saddened dictatorship of the continent of our continent.
 we do not agree with a pressure in the process of solving the north korea nuclear issue.
 then you would ask what you would like to say. they would say that they would welcome you to join.
 he was detained for a few days after he was detained.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will actively participate in the efforts of the conference, adopting a global and effective treaty to combat anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13-18 shall be considered under article 13 to 18.
 1970-1975 minister-counsellor at the italian embassy in italy.
 self-confident codes of moral practice should be developed in relation to the legal activities of conflict areas.
 the prerequisite should be, and the provisions should be made fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 it is also not possible to sell the flats in the home ownership scheme, the spokesman added.
 during the same period, the number of births in hong kong stood at 56300 persons, compared with 32 000 deaths.
 however, i mention it because of this issue, because this issue reflects the blame for the formation of history and people in the balkans.
 when we talk about hong kong's future, some chinese leaders said: " the chinese people can do so. "
 more than any other group, they need the attention and care of the family, social and government.
 reportedly, food-contaminated areas were reported to have been affected by contamination. these foods were taken elsewhere.
 with regard to the choice of children names, a reservation was made at the time of ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed and agreed that it was necessary to prevent arms into the country.
 on the short-term side, the government should carefully liaise with the industry and listen to their views.
 i would like to think of a little boy who had been killed over the past decade.
 when ni kuang talks about women, the taiwanese edition of the taiwanese edition will be sold.
 the general plan is to focus on helping girls and women to improve their self-esteem.
 he strongly categorically reiterated that the management and palau were committed to the preservation of the environment and culture in palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the clerk clerk clerk clerk clerk clerk clerk clerk clerk clerk clerk clerk clerk clerk of the chinese communists in beijing.
 during the promotion of raising chicken, thousands of lords were re-entry to the farm.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding for these arrangements, but this has not been received.
 against this backdrop, the committee has sought to understand all the covert acts of iraq.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 the person who has lost their struggles.
 the resulting unencumbered balance was largely attributable to the termination of the expansion of the force.
 in addition, as a member of the international community, we will continue to contribute to the palestinians directly.
 activities in the field of remote sensing by satellites should be enhanced.
 according to the basic law, all permanent residents of hong kong enjoy the electoral and discretionary power.
 in the period under review, 40 enterprises in the service industry received loans during the period under review, creating or rescue 79 jobs during the period under review.
 early in june, members of the council participated in the drafting of a further response to the nuclear tests conducted in may of india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendly states of nations, international organizations and the united nations, which continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we are instructed to give business to know the lack of knowledge, and we are honest to help.
 several months later, the storm has also caused a very painful adjustment in the storm.
 ah, i have been closed yesterday.
 in protest of the rally, some people were emotionally moved, and some people were emotionally imprisoned.
 the work programme for the establishment of trade points (see annex 4) is only in recent years.
 i think the most important thing is to respect civil servants, allow them to discuss the negotiating table.
 the changes in the system of pensions were expressed.
 (c) the office of the force commander: as a result of the dissemination of information from the office, the two local level posts were reduced.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expectations of the global economy and the expectations of international trade.
 the department of community development ministries and family support divisions have already launched information campaigns, national family day, exhibitions and similar activities.
 gizmondo, vice president of global sales of gizmondo global, said: " this exhibit is extremely successful.
 the international community should treat human rights in a fair and equal manner, in a fair and equal manner.
 in spite of some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have made it clear that conflict prevention is based on its numbers and diversity.
 the provisions of the joint declaration are also contained in article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked me kicked me.
 us dollar deposits rose slightly by 17% in december to november, with a marginal increase of 0.6% in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 however, women's ability to participate fully in society depends clearly on economic and social resources and their legal rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the committees have clearly reflected the urgent issue of the common concern of all humankind.
 they must end their despair and pain.
 " we will endeavour to preserve all the important elements of hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in view of the position, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution to this effect.
 of all, after all, we have only $ 123000000 to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices in the consumer price index reflect the changes in rents paid by households in hong kong.
 the work of such a method of adopting such an approach would depend on the return of the original security.
 he expressed his view that the preparatory work for the beijing olympics was, and he added, the 2008 olympic games.
 the committee considered the key issues in the production of productive employment at the previous session of the last year of this year.
 the moderation of economic measurement can be done, and it is to give us a summary of our assessment.
 in 2000, the protection of maternity protection was also prohibited from eight to 21 weeks in the workplace.
 there are also major improvements in paraguay, and the river transit corridors are the 2 key transport routes in the road transport.
 welcome you.
 the financial secretary also agreed that it would be possible for us to develop vigorously and we looked forward to as soon as possible.
 for the public, the importance of the general assembly's general assembly is an important aspect of the art.
 in most countries, the population of the elderly is much more than the overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire in north point today (friday) at 2 am today (friday).
 in addition, it was reported that the national archives had also been looted on 12 may 1994.
 i am honoured to be invited to officiate at the opening ceremony of the chinese space science and technology achievements exhibition.
 their discipline and discipline are, and their actions are, as a matter of fact, for the united nations.
 these recommendations were an extensive public opinion in many years.
 " both sequens are all ordinary letters and the public will not be unduly worried. "
 police appeal to members of the public who are aware of the whereabouts of the missing persons who are urged to contact investigating officers of the regional missing persons unit of kowloon east kowloon and kowloon east.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for system-wide meetings.
 the 73-year-old man, a spirit of spirit, and the voices are well understood, almost all of 100 patients.
 this incident occurred at the road in the road near gushkati.
 the total number of unemployed persons is several times higher in general.
 the government of the industrialized countries has already placed all hipcs from the beginning of the decision to start a moratorium on the practice.
 a number of catastrophies were seen in the century and the millennium.
 mr deputy president, i hope i would like to say a few words on this subject after explaining my amendments.
 the number of armed conflict in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 <unk> 2 <unk> the 3 phase of genes is called the revolution in biotechnology.
 i think it is more important that the chinese government promised to drafting the basic law to study the precise provisions of the basic law.
 the violation of these rights can be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is an appropriate forum for dealing with many of the challenges.
 this amount provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people on food and medicine, which is the oil-for-food programme.
 note: the chinese temple of charity and the chinese temple in 1928.
 it is well known that there is virtually no distinction between voluntary recruitment and recruitment of volunteers.
 he wrote this letter to the japanese first page.
 at the same time, inflation rate remained high, and it is expected that this year's inflation rate will be almost 10 per cent.
 mr ip also mentioned that he believed that many of the electorates in the legal profession were sick and chinese.
 i would also like to agree that the amendment should reduce the recommendations of some of the complex administrative provisions.
 i do not need to repeat them here.
 a number of conclusions and recommendations will be drawn to the conclusions of the 1 session of the review commission.
 imis is a complex item of a complex project. it has a profound impact on the manner in which the personnel, budgetary and financial work of the united nations.
 if we are still not able to take advantage of self-competitiveness, we can venture with friends.
 to facilitate the implementation of the relevant measures, customs officers, the lands department, lands department and the planning department will carry out such verification work.
 mr. wang yingfan (china) (spoke in chinese): i and other colleagues, like other colleagues, congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the council.
 in addition, both military observers and civilian police are not capable of ensuring security.
 the aim of the text is to submit some political choices and rights to the countries where internationally wrongful act.
 police call for investigations into the three rooms in the hotel.
 they must receive sustained professional training and their registration <unk> authority can be considered for renewal.
 in late february each year, parents will be invited to participate in the allocation formality of schools in march each year.
 the implementation of these technologies, however, is enormous.
 i would also like to say a little hesitation with him.
 the contradiction contained in paragraph 3 has become more apparent from the realistic point of view.
 the minimum age of compulsory service for every society will benefit all of every society.
 the view was expressed that the issue of remuneration of the insolvency representative should be addressed in the draft guide in the draft guide.
 i do not repeat earlier the arguments earlier. i hope honourable colleagues who have been old-payers who are elderly employees will be fair.
 at the time of the absence of other speakers, the president shall declare an end to the debate.
 he said, " you are working on the job. "
 i think that the upper limit of the administration should stay in the future, and there should be no fixed decision in the future.
 the 2 sisters are suffering from starvation and the snow and wind of snow and snow.
 " we should continue our efforts in promoting the level of service, which will our expectations our expectations. "
 to lay down a major step forward in the future directing the future.
 6. the community now strongly supports the adoption of such freedom through the enactment of a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is simply " himself ".
 however, when the delegation visited new york, it was able to prevent them from entering the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will increase substantially.
 his delegation believed that the court should be in line with some guidelines.
 in order to reduce financial flows in the short term, i think the government should adopt a more proactive policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties dealt with the convention on multilateral covenants and agreements, including human rights treaties.
 myanmar has chosen the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is establishing a real democratic state a market-oriented economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, rwandan soldiers allegedly looted one 7, including five children, including five children.
 " we will be tabled as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) managing private land is the responsibility of the land titles.
 this is more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also think that the vision of hong kong's cultural life can really be set up.
 in a number of countries, cross-boundary cartages are being used as a matter of customs law, such as smuggling or violation of foreign exchange controls.
 more than 95% of the salaries and personal income tax taxpayers can receive tax payments within the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sorrows that japan must do.
 the ministries of the sudan, welfare and social development ministry of social development are responsible for the observance of the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the chairman of the executive secretary of the coordination committee and the chairman of the organization, as well as the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is the closure of the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information in cooperation with the department of public information, 5 november.
 equally surprisingly, the difference in life expectancy at birth (table 3 and 5).
 2, the checks and balances exist between the executive and the legislature.
 even without the shelling of public transportation, no other public transportation has been carried out, and most of the streets are pedestrians.
 this may be the same.
 next, let's take you a look at the iraq policy launched by the bush administration in the past.
 in addition, members may have witnessed the investigations undertaken by the capo.
 let's take a look at my sterling and virtuality.
 despite a good financial success, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to achieve its targets in gross domestic product.
 yes, it is a bit different.
 if we want the united nations to play a pivotal position, it is imperative that the united nations have the united nations to take the means before it.
 in his budget, the financial secretary mentioned the lying of the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will carry out responsible for the repair works of public rental housing estates which are responsible for repair works.
 as soon as mr president, i believe i will preside over the legislative council sitting in my last meeting.
 " the catering industry and accident rate in the catering industry have a downward trend.
 the croatian police also operate regularly on foot and vehicle patrols in part where they are able to enter and exit.
 mr cheung pointed out that the three " fundamental problems " of the government were misunderstandings.
 there is now a need for more support from the united nations.
 before the enactment of the registration scheme, the administration will carefully consider all the views concerned with the registration scheme.
 president: mr martin lee, you are consulted, so i do not consider it appropriate to ask questions.
 in fact, the government has recently been trying to reduce the remuneration of civil servants in the civil service.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington for a visit to washington.
 the exports of developing countries have increased from 22 to 28 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the court decided to submit this matter to the states parties.
 and to give her shoes friction.
 despite the need for analysis of the data and the volume of data, the content of annexed data is less.
 the report pointed out, however, that, although there were foods in the local market, the power of the population was extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with this view and recommended that the current 23.7 per cent contribution was proposed.
 the success of the international community in the fight against the fight against terrorism should not be a preconditions.
 the administration has recognized that " national security " is concerned with the interests of the sovereign state.
 however, the continued growth in hong kong's economic growth, the surplus of the treasury's surplus is query.
 this should be done.
 the under-secretary-general has been expressed by the deputy secretary-general for the time frame for the commission.
 more than 30 years ago, a large number of documents prove that the cost of the supply of water has been paid.
 the treaty's treaty prohibits the ban on nuclear testing, but the quality of nuclear weapons and the production of new arms systems.
 they answered that they could not receive him.
 the whole can be more general and far greater than its part.
 (b) on may 1, this year, the electrical and mechanical services department (lplp) will be closed all within the peak period of the general public.
 in the light of those who are misinterpretted in the green paper, it is really the case.
 in 1993, he became a member of the charter officer in china and became a member of the chartered officer in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority should be given to cooperation with cooperation in the promotion and protection of human rights capabilities and infrastructure.
 each week in this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single repaid rate of reimbursement for all other equipment and depletion.
 we must use the international law as the most strongest person.
 at present, science technology is rapidly changing, and economic cooperation is unprecedented, and the world is accelerating the way towards accolarization.
 the topic of intergenerational exchanges between the chinese and western paintings of the museum has also begun.
 when chen was wearing a sense of sensible and sensible nature, chen's sensation, coupled with certain appearances and depths.
 i spoke about the response of the sexual exploitation crisis in west africa.
 the bottom line, however, is the fact that the angolans themselves truly committed themselves to peace and national reconciliation.
 china's exporters and investors will significantly increase the activities of the eu.
 there are few indications of the existence of dangerous drugs in fiji.
 at such a seminar, the participants felt that they did not have a waste of national money and no waste of personal time.
 foreign brazilian turtles, fowl and piles, and shedding.
 these women have also been subjected to discrimination against wage-earners or pay-roading workers, or are subjected to slavery.
 (a) the economy exceeds 50 per cent of its economy<unk> (ii) it is generally in developed countries.
 today, saint lucia was the 1 time in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations sought to influence a government.
 this fanatic phenomenon is the product of a new aatic system of a state of human rights in a state of war.
 there have been a number of original groups which did not appear to speak.
 however, with the normal life of the people, it will be necessary for east timor to continue, as long as there is a large number of refugees.
 in the capital baghdad, a police officer was killed at least five people and 19 injured.
 for several months, the police have also reduced the cases of violation of human rights or criminal cases.
 his election had highlighted his merits, his personal qualities and his rich experience in international affairs.
 since the tourism industry is a " people-oriented industry ", no one can survive.
 at the time of the librule, the line of 173 cms shall be veiled with the veil and 133 bi-titudes of 133.
 for the sake of the abolition of the word " dismantlement ".
 in the meantime, the housing department is not as specially trained to deal with hawkers.
 in the circumstances of non-possessory security, the debtors continued to occupy the assets of the asset should also take the responsibility and maintenance of responsibility.
 i am confident that these arrangements, in particular mutual legal assistance, will take place in the future.
 however, in the context of the urgent need for an urgent need, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 in the vicinity, the explosion occurred in the vicinity of the vicinity, but there was no casualty.
 the council has also begun to hold a new " mixed " conference that is, the open door to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo has noted that all measures have been taken to ensure that they are in the near future.
 the office had also not been referred to in section viii of the document.
 i accept that the secretary for constitutional affairs is that some of the things are so close to the election.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 the two vacancies will still be filled, and the meeting suspended until the same day.
 the parking spaces at the visitors centre shall be closed.
 at present, the growth in earning growth in the customer portfolio continues to grow, significantly lower than the performance of the 500 industrial index.
 a lot of people have had to do so.
 in mid-july this year, li dag-yu took part in japan to take part in the 8 world of the union of the union.
 the 3 least developed countries meeting will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan of the ma wan island.
 in accordance with that commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as possible to illustrate the details of these two forces.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat would need to participate fully in, including the preparation of a background document, and direct participation in meetings.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, november 12 <unk> prnews <unk> prnewswire-asianet <unk> prnews <unk> prnewswire delighted to congratulate mr cheng to become the first professor of professor.
 the seventies are well-being, and he has given girlfriend speculator's satisfaction and love.
 mr cheung also delivers keynote speech on the safety of hong kong's occupational safety and health management.
 what i wanted to ask about is, so we should come to look for you.
 a new hong kong new hong kong new airport is the most advanced radar and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited financial resources available in the economy, many of the small sums could be refused.
 as to the content of the draft articles, it was noted that the content of the draft articles was too complicated and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law, but also because we want to protect hong kong's international financial centre.
 the distribution of resources for the biennium 2002-2003 for the biennium 2002-2003 tabled 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all countries need to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the author is not to oppose the promotion of grass-roots at the grass-roots level.
 at the age of 50, linwang was found at the age of 50 at the age of 50, and that its personality could be set at 180 degrees.
 the israeli occupying forces also swed into the village, destroying a house of houses and destroyed another.
 these symptoms should be invited to consult their doctors as early as possible in order to avoid early detection and treatment.
 child prostitution means that, in order to compensation or any other forms of consideration, the use of or any other forms of consideration is provided, in order to engage in sexual activity.
 this is an outstanding achievement.
 meanwhile, the value of orders for the fabricated metal manufactures industry further picked up further, up to 2% over a year earlier.
 equally important is the severe external debt problem in african countries, and the debt servicing of these countries accounts for a third of these countries.
 the debates and a number of years have taken into account, and we are now turning back to a start.
 the economic and social council has 14 thematic panels, whose members are composed of experts, and not national representatives.
 there is also a more in-depth tactic of tactical training in a more advanced manner.
 the entire project was completed in autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen to replace south-south cooperation as a complement to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed and the traditional structure of the traditional structure is ongoing.
 in order to ensure that ensure a high standard of chinese language textbooks, a chinese textbook has been established.
 another thing is: " it's better for the banks to do business. "
 others were reportedly injured.
 while the delegation of ethiopia appreciated the role played by unctad in the field, the panellists focused only on questions interesting.
 the united nations military contingent will assist in preventing the persons who might wish to interfere with the democratization process.
 however, in order to make these policies effective, they must be viewed with other priorities in the context of education, health and management.
 however, it was reported that the authorities of correctional corrections have denied that person had been relocated from being relocated and had no voice.
 in order to avoid the specific interests of capital, the political party's campaign activities should be subject to public funding.
 it is expected that it is expected to be completed in 2000.
 never imagined that sun kiu-yun reached numerous waves of waves.
 the chairman of the committee of small and medium enterprises, mr chan wing-kai, joined three of its chairmen of the committee this morning to submit a report to the chief executive.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for tuesday, november 20, 2001.
 in view of the historical point of history, the vast land of the new territories will be subject to collective controls.
 we look forward to partnerships with these areas, " the spokesman added.
 if we want computers to do so, it's only if you 've got to tell you that " you 've got to tell you. "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces acted in irian in irian, where the authorities nor the local population do not understand.
 please watch the 5 series of new zealand, new zealand's 4 series of new zealand, new zealand.
 the committee, adopted on 18 june 1998, included the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 15. during the experimenting system, the impact of the impact of the impact of an impact on the district and pottery has been proposed.
 the television broadcasts a few programmes on the seminar and helps to improve the public awareness of this issue.
 if one is not satisfied with the age of 65, it is entitled to pay for employees and exceed the minimum wage.
 overall, such information will not be disclosed.
 he ching-ching, in his heart, has always been in a position to achieve achievements in the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent body to conduct a review by the highest standards in the ordinance.
 " the labour department will search for suitable vacancies and help them work under the scheme. "
 since china's recent accession to the world trade organization (wto) and the 2008 olympic games will be held in beijing, the co-operation is expected to be prepared to improve.
 recently, one obtained academics from the university of hong kong, a hong kong federation of experts from the mainland.
 as a whole, the existing system has already played a balanced role.
 he said that if someone was theft, then cut off his hands, the security of his hands also guaranteed the security of several thousand.
 the participation of kosovo serbs in the elections demonstrates their attention on the importance of their self-government.
 markni is the headquarters of the ruf.
 to preserve the dignity of the taipei republic of taipei, it is now up to the room front.
 the name of the name said: " it is purely fabricated by a vervo and barbarica.
 in 1944, in new zealand, klattte was born in new zealand, knorker rice, and had attended the university of rice, canberrat and australian national universities.
 in the traditional market, two chickens are competing with each other.
 details of the proposal, in both english and chinese, are now ready for public inspection.
 this is because the democratic progressive party has a new democratic progressive party.
 in the manufacturing industry, it is indeed a number of employees ' choice.
 the claimant provided export credit guarantee for exporters and contractors.
 with the assistance of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed national plans for the implementation of the platform for action.
 the committee recommends that more attention be paid to the accuracy of the requirements.
 according to the health organization act, estonian territory has the right to receive medical care (art. 5).
 in the view of the european union, the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted economic scholars in bangkok, saying: " nobody knows how much the cost is. "
 in this article, a week in the present article is published by the liaoning people's publishing press.
 madam president, the secretary michael suen is here to come here today.
 in the light of the atmosphere of that atmosphere, i might say something more open.
 the government contains the comments of the government of the international court of the international court of justice in the annex.
 after the performance, the responses received enthusiastic response to the audience and the staff of the staff.
 i can quote some examples, with complaints of the chronically ill patients who are chronically ill patients to the hospital authority.
 amendments to the approved plan will be amended to reflect the latest development proposals of kowloon hang.
 actually, i have all moved to chongqing.
 the panel is supporting ensuring that the 2001 national census is more sensitive to gender.
 she has a highest quality and enjoys all civil rights.
 all relevant departments will be involved, ranging from the prevention and prosecution of victims to the resettlement of victims.
 with regard to this obligation of the state party, the committee noted that, in some instances, reports were referred to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 combatants per hour could be fired from an approximately 15000 small arms ammunition.
 2, the reduction of the situation is reduced.
 we shall first take action on the draft resolution, entitled economic and other activities affecting the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter.
 in addition, the current reserve for peacekeeping will have no cash in cash.
 my delegation also thanked the under-secretary-general, mr. otenno and the special representative of the special representative to tell us this morning.
 a decline in the attractiveness of developing countries to foreign investment is likely to lead to financial instability.
 an international seminar was held jointly with the government of the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 as the trade only involves the transfer of a banking licence, the total number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged at 1777.
 this is mainly attributable to the divergence of a number of states for over the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of hiv <unk> aids has brought sick children and orphans<unk> exacerbated the sufferings of children and orphans.
 in january this year, mr. sergio de mello proposed the general strengthening of the civilian police to handle the efficiency of the complex action.
 our assessment is that the conditions of return to sierra leone or liberia are now non-existent.
 the percentage of youths accounts for approximately 19 per cent of africa's population, and this figure will increase in the current figure.
 at the same time, the situation is even more bad.
 in the united states, a typical consumers of the united states spend more than 10,000 advertisements.
 in my view, it is essential that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be remembered.
 this is a matter of focus.
 the department urges disarmament to assist the department of disarmament to contribute to the new political will of member states.
 our finances are luckier than britain's good, so there is no need for us to take the danger.
 the last time bin laden's image appeared at the end of 2004, but his deputy-zawahri, on his deputy, was frequently shown.
 the 4 area is the establishment of the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a " study on government reduction programme " (hereinafter referred to by the working group under the working group).
 the honourable martin lee said that the government did not make any response on this matter.
 the first day before the show, hu nai-yuan gave a snack in the titles of the national musical academic world.
 the gross surplus of the industry accounted for 17.2% of the total receipts in 1995.
 in post-conflict situations, children hold the dominant position in society and the need for care.
 military attacks on civilian populations have been upgraded, with casualties on a daily basis.
 a spokesman for the department said that during the two-week survey period, the overall response rate was successfully completed during the two-week survey period.
 the seizure, " the spokesman said.
 he said that the executive board would like to provide guidance for the continuation of these practices.
 the demilitarized zone is an area of about 240 kilometres long and extends 10 kilometres into iraq and 5 kilometres into kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children working in family services are girls.
 it has therefore developed a number of measures to ensure that women's needs were met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 the premier liu ming-chuan, the 1 permanent crushing officer of the taiwan war, also came to taiwan because of the war.
 the central meteorological station is expected that the weather in the cold front will also affect south china south china.
 in this section, it recalls that the right to food can be the reasons for which the right to food can be.
 the end of the 19 century, a white ball was passed into taiwan.
 criminal law and criminal procedures have been amended to serve the legal system.
 in the event that any person engaged in arms, appropriate legal sanctions would facilitate compliance with any person engaged in the production of weapons.
 a series of activities have been launched by government and the business of the business community to consolidate confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet company departed from the hong kong ballet tour group.
 speaking at the opening ceremony of the activity, the director of home affairs, mrs lee, said: " hong kong is a emigrant society.
 on 30 may,, on 30 may, a new fighting broke out between the troops and the taliban in the badghis province of the taliban.
 the volume of data in computer systems and a number of major issues related to the privacy of privacy and other related issues.
 this document will be included in the voluntary presentation of members of asean's regional forum, indicating that the security situation in the region had major developments and their awareness.
 every day, the soldiers said that they would be returned to the goods, but once again, it was repeated.
 " the more late implementation of the mpf system is the greater the burden on the community as a whole. "
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the replacement was from the united nations assistance mission in rwanda, with the use of these cars.
 on the contrary, they are often viewed by the people as the enemy. it is therefore a matter of solidarity with the people.
 railway systems are an important part of hong kong's transport system.
 under the provisions of the convention, the recognition of troop-contributing countries is an important partner of peacekeeping operations.
 i think it would be very sorry for my voters.
 through this time, it is clear that hong kong is a specialist of the asset.
 it appears that, despite the fact that the author wishes to take advantage of this procedure, they did not use.
 the essence of this strategy is not to follow other people's right path.
 the results of the evaluation will be released in july.
 in the 1940s, johnson began to have over half a century.
 however, the bill put forward today to this council has a big question, that is, the implementation of the bill during this period of transition.
 on the 3 of this month, saffi was arrested on the 3 of this month after arrival in los angeles.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, introduced the hong kong economic outlook for 2003 and the future hong kong economy.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy sources of energy, particularly natural gas.
 some experts expressed the view that the statistics did not adequately reflect the size of the problem.
 in view of the needs of different districts, we have to choose different bricks in different areas.
 with the opening of economic reforms in 1978, china's exchange rate system has undergone economic reforms.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, the bishk group has already established the bishkek group.
 at the same time, the united nations must also realize that its fundamental basis has changed.
 " we will continue to persuade the young and cannabis to have a very negative impact on health. "
 some of the results are set out below: religious studies, mathematics, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 this year's total revenue was $ 102500, representing nearly 24% over the previous year.
 these provisions should be used, and we are still discussing with the chinese side.
 non-monetary items carried out in other currencies, based on other currencies, are based on the united nations operational rate of exchange.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is a fundamental way to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have been ranking 2 for two consecutive years in hong kong, " the spokesman added.
 in the wake of the incident, i knew my doctoral friend also expressed strong dissatisfaction with the relevant parties concerned.
 " in order to reflect the latest land use proposals in the north-east lantau port, the spokesman said.
 this has forced bilateral negotiations at that stage.
 to do so, member states have to pay their assessed contributions on time, in full and without conditions.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for more than half a century, humanity has lived in fear of continuing fear of heat nuclear danger.
 he said that for these questions, a set of questions on the part of the prime minister was created by the prime minister.
 where all it is prepared, it is still necessary to wait until 2003-04, the longer the time for the longer the time.
 there is no other group of other groups.
 the conduct was comparable to the extent of a serious violation of article 3 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. the important accounting policy for these financial statements is attached as a summary of the financial statements.
 within the south of yunnan, there will be heavy rain in some parts of yun nan.
 on behalf of the government and the government of the comoros, i should like to express its condolences to the families of the comoros.
 undp has not yet carried out an plan to make donors trust the programme of the undp programme.
 the bureau, in 2000, was chaired by the delegations of the two vice-chairmen, as chair, mali and ukraine.
 ohchr will contribute to the right to the right to development at the centre of strategic, plans, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is currently holding a average of about 70 examinations, which can accommodate a total of about 3000 candidates.
 after fleeing the culprit, the man escaped into the employers, and he disclosed the incident.
 authorities have declared that today is a nation today.
 for example, in the 3 phase of the purchases, it was late until it was late to the 1998 crop season.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and work.
 the volume of printing has dropped by 30 per cent.
